Clarify what is Zalgo (#24443)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/using_promises/index.md

}
```

> The above design is strongly discouraged because it causes ambiguity to the caller, known as "a state of Zalgo".
> 
> When we hear the term "a state of Zalgo" with respect to the design of Asynchronous APIs it means that there are design issues with the API, in particular when it is ambiguous to the consumer of the API as to whether the call returns synchronously in some cases, but asynchronously in other cases.
> 
> For further background, see the article [Designing APIs for Asynchrony](https://blog.izs.me/2013/08/designing-apis-for-asynchrony/), where the term was originally coined. Note "Zalgo text" are textual characters with excessive diacritical marks added to the extent as to make the original letters unreadable and ambiguous. Therefore a "state of Zalgo" is used to mean a state of ambiguity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above design is strongly discouraged because it causes the so-called "state of Zalgo". In the context of designing asynchronous APIs, this refers to the situation of a callback being called synchronously in some cases but asynchronously in other cases, leading to ambiguity for the caller. For further background, see the article [Designing APIs for Asynchrony](https://blog.izs.me/2013/08/designing-apis-for-asynchrony/), where the term was first formally presented. This API design makes side effects hard to analyze:
```

I removed some excess details, because frankly this is far from being the important part of the article, and we have an example below that's pretty illustrative.

Author: Good update, I agree that this is a better version because you've brought back in the issue of it leading to side effects and made it more to-the-point.  You end your revision with a ":" but did you mean for it to be a "."?  Otherwise it would refer to the next section of text, which is another code example.

Reviewer: Yes, we usually use a colon when the text directly leads to a code example.
